DAY 0 [step 0 - last]
Dear Patrick,
we wish you a warm welcome to SpaceAtlas. 

As you know, our mission is to colonize planet Mars as soon as possible and we believe that you can help us.

Before beginning your regular duties, we urgently need your help. We have a big problem. 

Our astronauts returned from a mission and are ill - they are experiencing nausea, vomiting and chronic fatigue. 

They brought a sample from Mars which might give us a clue what it is that is making them ill. 

The sample contains bacteria we think is causing the infections, one that has been talked about before but never encountered - Burkholderia pseudomallei.

We want you to create an antibiogram for it. Since this is your first day at work, we will guide you through the process.

END OF DAY 0
*Alarm blares*
Emergency alert: All employees exposed to the bacteria must remain in office until further notice.

---------------

DAY 1 [step 0 - do stavljanja u inkubator]
Bacteria has spread and has started to flow out of the petri dish and incubator. 

Some colleagues are showing the same symptoms as the astronauts and the astronauts are in critical condition. The situation is not looking good... Proceed with caution.

Since the bacteria damaged the petri dish, you are unable to do the interpretation of yesterday's antibiogram. It's best to create a new one. Good luck. We are counting on you.

---------------

DAY 2 [step inkubator - last]
We are sorry to inform you that the astronauts have passed away and more people are infected. This means that we have less time than we initially expected, we need to hurry. We are all in grave danger.

Today, you should interpret the antibiogram. We hope that we are close to finding an antibiotic which will help us all.

---------------

DAY 3 [step 0 - do stavljanja u inkubator]
So... it seems that the antibiotics don't help at all. 

Please try again. We have selected eight new antibiotics which we hope can get this bacteria under control.

---------------

DAY 4 [interpretacija - last, step 0 - inkubator]
Today is the big day! Let's hope that the new antibiotics work. Good luck, Patrick. Make us proud.
*Patrick očitava rezultate, rezultati su dobri*
*Patrick ponovno radi antibiogram, kako bi potvrdio rezultate. Ako je dobar kraj, dobri rezultati će biti potvrđeni sljedećeg dana. Ako ne, bakterija je i dalje van kontrole*

---------------

DAY 5
*GOOD*
Congratulations! 

Yesterday's excellent results have been confirmed and antibiotic 1 works against the bacteria. 

We will get to work and supply antibiotics to all in need and successfully shut this chaos down.

Thank you Patrick. Your country will forever be indebted to you.

*BAD*
Patrick wasn't able to confirm yesterday's results. Last night, he started feeling very ill and we hope that he will be able to fight the infection.

Even though SpaceAtlas is quarantined, the bacteria escaped and is infecting more and more people. Many are ill and many have died.

It seems that the bacteria has won, and we are out of time.

We are sorry.